[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Luffy had intended to
win a tournament that
promised the Flame Flame
Fruit to the champion,
but abandoned that plan when
Law was captured by Doflamingo.
Now, he rushes to
the palace to save him.
Meanwhile, Usopp and
the Tontatta Tribe
have teamed up to defeat
Sugar and restore those
who have been
transformed into toys.
However, their plan
is not going smoothly.
[LUFFY] "The Last Light of Hope!
The Secret of Our Commander!"
Sticky-Sticky Chain!
[yells]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
Stick-Stickem...
[TREBOL]
Meteora!
[gasps]
[screams]
[BOTH scream]
[DWARVES screaming]
I-I think Master Trebol
is going crazy!
[screams] The Executive Tower!
He's gonna wreck it!
[LUFFY screams]
This rock guy doesn't
wanna let us go anywhere!
Like I told you.
Pica controls the entire palace!
We're lucky he hasn't
crushed us yet!
Hey, Straw Hat!
You're... sure your
friend will be okay?
Zoro? You kidding?
He'll do great. Don't worry.
No matter what happens,
Zoro will pull through!
[CROWD cheering]
[REBECCA yells]
What a shock!
[CROWD gasps]
[GYATS] This is the first time
I've ever seen Rebecca attack!
She's going on the offensive!
Hold on. What's with that sword?
The blade isn't
even sharp, is it?
In this coliseum,
we fight to the death.
If you won't shed
the blood of others,
you'll pay with your own.
That's what the audience
wants to see, after all!
Now, Lock!
[gasps]
[GYATS]
It's a direct hit!
Her winning streak comes
to a crushing conclusion!
[CROWD cheers]
[MAN A]
Diamante!
[SABO]
Damn! Hey! Musclemelon!
Uh-- Are you talkin to me?
Protect her for me, okay?
What?
Say, Rebecca, here's a question.
Do you happen to know how
your dear mother Scarlet died?
[SCARLET] I'm going to
bring us something to eat.
[chuckles] I saw the
Toy Soldier that day.
He cried like a baby. Pathetic.
[gasps]
[TOY SOLDIER]
I'm sorry! It's my fault.
I failed to protect your mother!
Our poor ship. It's done for.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE D]
Why would Master Trebol
do something like that?
What's going on in there?
[ROBIN]
Usopp! Usopp, wake up!
[gasps] I was worried.
--Robi--
--[ROBIN] Shh.
What happened?
Did we just get crushed
by a big duck?
There's no time to explain now.
We have a problem here.
The Tontatta have
all been captured.
[gasps]
You prick!
[chuckles]
Drop dead! You craphead!
Why don't you die first?
You little brat!
Anyway, we're having
a serious conversation.
So buzz off! [chuckles]
You ready to talk yet?
Not a chance!
Tell me who's helping
you already, 'kay?
Hey, hey. Just tell me!
I just said I'm not talking!
Good boy! Keep Usoland safe!
Let's run while
we still can, Robin!
Truth is, he's a friend
of mine, so you can tell me!
[LEO]
He is?
Oh, yeah! His name is...
You mean Usoland?
No!
You sure are dumb!
You really think he's my friend?
Oh no! I fell
right into your trap!
Are you friends with that
one-legged soldier, too?
I-I'm not telling.
[SUGAR]
Well, I already know.
Oh, guess I can
talk about it, then!
Yeah, he's our friend.
[SUGAR]
Actually, I didn't know.
I'm a fool!
Interesting. I'm finally
getting a clear picture now.
It doesn't matter
if you know or not!
You guys're finished,
either way!
It's the day of
reckoning for you!
Our operation will not fail!
We haven't come this
far only to lose!
[DWARVES grunting]
And also, our friends
that you've taken.
We're bringing them back,
no matter what!
Since we're sharing
secrets right now,
I'll tell you one, too.
[chuckles] That sticky stuff
you're covered in
is extremely flammable.
[ALL gasp]
[chuckling]
[BOTH gasp]
[DWARVES scream]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE E]
What is it this time?
Is everyone okay?
[USOPP]
Hey! Ah, c'mon, Leo!
Leo! Buddy!
Everyone, are you all right?
You gotta be more careful!
You shouldn't have
made him angry!
The operation has failed.
It's time to ru--
I mean, it's time to fall back.
You guys gave it your best shot,
but Trebol is out of our league!
[groans] I can still fight.
We won't give up.
We'll finish Operation S.O.P.
Our friends...
are counting on us.
Leo!
I believe in the commander.
We have to help him
defeat Doflamingo.
We won't stop until he does!
He's waiting for us.
And we cannot let him down!
[panting] There's
no time to waste!
[panting]
We're not done yet.
Behold, Lao G's "G"! "G"! "G"!
[panting]
[TOWNSMAN A gasps]
He's leaving the Warlords?
I don't get it.
That can't be good, surely.
So he's stepping down
from the throne, too?
What's gonna happen to us?
[INMATE A]
Yeah!
[INMATES cheering]
He's nothing now!
A plain old pirate!
The Navy won't let him
get away with his crimes!
And this coliseum's gonna
be the first thing to go!
Freedom. Finally.
[chuckles]
[DWARVES chattering]
Commander. Did you see
the newspaper?
We'll get our friends back!
And we don't even have to fight!
Just think of how many lives
will be saved by this!
We're lucky!
[DWARVES]
Huh?
No. It was a false report.
[DWARVES]
Huh?
Your friends aren't coming back.
[DWARVES gasp]
It was a lie?
[DWARVES sobbing]
[TOWNSMAN D] He's not
leaving after all! All right!
Doflamingo's a great king!
There's no reason why
he should ever step down!
[TOWNSMAN F]
Our kingdom is saved!
[REBECCA] I'm going to
enter today's competition
and win the Flame Flame Fruit.
And then, I'll be able
to defeat Doflamingo!
[TOY SOLDIER]
That's foolish! Have patience!
I know that you're angry.
And I feel the same way,
but the end is at hand.
My forces are ready to fight.
I can handle this myself.
I've waited long enough!
[REBECCA] Our hopes have been
dropped from heaven to hell.
The fighters can't
take this anymore.
Their spirits are broken!
All we can do now is
wait 'til the day we die.
They say they'll release us
if we survive a thousand times.
But how is that
supposed to give us hope?
It's just more misery!
"The gladiator Kyros won
all 3,000 of his matches."
But that's just
a stupid legend--
No one even remembers him!
Kyros was probably made up
by a bunch of prisoners
who were holding on to
a dream of being free.
But he's just a statue.
A perfect warrior who
could never really exist.
I'm sick of dreaming an
impossible dream, so I'll fight!
The competition today
is my one chance!
So I'm taking it!
It's a suicide mission!
We're not talking about
a typical gladiator match!
You'll end up dead!
I forbid you to enter!
You are not thinking straight!
You are only 16.
Rebecca, I simply know
better than you. Trust me!
You're not an adult yet!
You don't know
what's good for you!
Oh, shut up! Stop acting
like you're my father!
You are the one who's
not thinking straight here!
"You can handle this"?
I don't know what your plan is,
but you can't beat Doflamingo!
Look at yourself!
You're just a broken toy
with one leg!
[gasps]
Of course. You're right.
[gasps] Wait!
I'm sorry for being
so meddlesome.
But if you can,
please do not fight.
Soldier! We can talk!
Just come back!
Soldier, please!
Don't leave like this!
I'm scared!
I didn't want you to
sacrifice yourself, okay?
That's all! I'm sorry!
I'm just so worried about you!
Please come back!
That's not just my legs!
Pica must be moving.
I wonder if he's dealing
with someone as well.
[DAIKON]
You stay right here!
[CUB]
Are you all right, Commander?
Yes, thank you.
We gotta move.
Hold on! They'll be hurt
if we don't help them!
[LAO G] Get your paws off me,
you little bastards!
Stop looking back,
Commander! Just go!
We're ready. We all knew
what we signed up for.
Don't say that!
If you stay here,
then everyone might die!
Even if Leo pulls off Operation
S.O.P., it's still not over.
If we let Doflamingo walk away,
he can do the same
thing all over again.
Or even worse!
No one else can beat Doflamingo!
We're counting on you
for that! Keep fighting!
[USOPP] Is the commander
really such a big deal, Leo?
I dunno, seems kinda crazy
to bet everything on one guy.
[DWARF D] As long as
the commander makes it.
[DWARF E]
It doesn't matter if we die.
Why do you trust him so much?
He's just a one-legged toy!
Normally, when Sugar
turns someone into a toy,
they're bound by
the contract she makes.
Meaning, they can't disobey.
That's why they're able to
keep them all as slaves.
But unlike them,
the commander's free.
He was the first one here
to be transformed.
So that time, when Sugar
used her Hobby-Hobby power,
she made a mistake and forgot
to form a contract with him.
[LEO] One little error
from more than ten years ago
gave them a powerful
enemy like none other.
He's the only toy in this
kingdom who can strike back
at the Don Quixote Family.
A toy who can take
revenge for them all.
[LEO] For a whole decade
he's been fighting on his own,
but he never gave up,
and he never lost hope.
He knew the truth
about the toys,
and how much
they were suffering.
Slaving away and forgotten.
[LEO] In time, all of our people
would've been enslaved as well.
But thanks to him...
[LEO]
...now we're able to fight back!
If he calls us to arms,
we have to answer!
Otherwise, this kingdom
is as good as dead!
He's worth it!
We're proud to bet
everything we've got on him!
[LEO] Nobody remembers him now,
but years ago,
everyone in the kingdom
knew who he was.
[LEO] Before he got
transformed into a toy,
his name was...
...Kyros!
[LEO]
He was the strongest gladiator
that the coliseum had ever seen!
That's who our commander is!
A legendary hero!
[NARRATOR] The Toy Soldier
dashes through the palace
to face off with Doflamingo,
then a fearsome foe named
Gladius appears in his path.
Overwhelmed by his
explosive strength,
the Toy Soldier soon
finds his life in peril.
When all hope seems lost,
suddenly, Luffy rushes in
like the wind!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Rupture Man!
Gladius Blows Up Big Time!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!